nice person so another spring and summer
are probably you guys's favorite seasons
of the whole year but i have to say that
fall is definitely one of my hands-down
favorite seasons and i wasn't even born
in the fall so I was super excited to
think of a fastball inspired look for
you guys I've recently been rocking this
lip and it's just my Mac lip liner in
the color plum I've been loving this
color if you guys have asked me about
this color on Instagram I didn't answer
because I was thinking of a look to wear
it for you guys and try to feature it in
a video and I came up with this it's
super super easy so I hope that you guys
enjoyed you guys want to see how i
created this bad fall inspired look then
keep watching so i'm just going to start
this look by using my mac paint pot in
the color painterly i have a reason of
these and forever but they are totally
awesome when it comes to applying your
eyeshadows now i'm taking the color
samoan silk which is also by mac and I'm
just blending that into my crease so i
can create some transition now i'm
taking the color saddle and i'm just
going to learn that right on top of
samoas silk
so for this look I'm first going to use
another color which is by Mac called
plum dressing and I'm using a large
blending brush to create large amounts
of transition in the crease of my eye
and then I'm going to go over that color
with another color that looks almost
identical to it it's a little bit warmer
and less called hepcat plum dressing
hepcat now we're going to use hepcat and
for hep cat i'm using a little bit
smaller of a blending brush to kind of
go beneath the large amount of plum
dressing that i pad on top of fact this
is the part of the tutorial that really
kind of makes this look it's all about
the purplish plummy color that is
featured in the crease of my eye so take
your time and really blend that color
out next I'm taking another color by Mac
which is called lavender sky and I'm
just using a bike in their eye shadow
brush to apply it be so happen to be by
Sigma you're interested check the link
down below but I'm just going to pack
that color into the innermost part of my
eye because the outside will be
featuring this one this is the color
embarq also by mac and i'm just going to
use that to create some depth before i
apply the next color it's nothing like
chocolate brown for fall inspired look I
love it
and I'm just going to go back to hep cat
and deepen the crease again just to
clean up anything that might have got
messed up when I applies lavender sky
it's all about blending so have fun with
it there's nothing like a full inspired
look without a little bit of black so
I'm just going to use my Urban Decay
blackout which is my favorite favorite
black eyeshadow and I'm just want to
deepen the outer V of my eye as you can
see i'm just taking short strokes taking
my time with this part because you don't
want to overdo it too fast the true art
of a makeup artist or just beautiful
makeup is in the blending so have a
light hand and just let it go now i'm
just going to begin to lightly blend the
black into the innermost part of my
crease now i'm taking the color nylon
also by mac and i'm using a large brush
to highlight the inner tear ducts of my
eye this part really just brightens up
the look and you know makes it really
youthful and beautiful so I love love
love nylon for that
and of course I'm just going to go back
with my lavender sky and any other color
that may need to be touched up just to
ensure that it's nice and the colors are
even and pigmented when each color is
represented in the look and y'all know
this wouldn't be a blending tutorial
without my favorite NYX eyeshadow in the
color velvet so I'm just going to use
that color to go back and blend all of
the harsh lines clean everything up
reapply me colors whatever I need to do
this is kind of the end or the wrapping
up of this look I'm also going to use
nylon to highlight my brows everything
came together and it was a perfect
finish so i went ahead and line my eyes
with my wet and wild black gel eyeliner
and then i'm going to go on top of that
with my benefit they're real mascara now
if you guys are in the mood for a great
read be sure to check the info box down
below on my top picks for my scares this
one's definitely on the list and then
I'm going to learn my eyes with my Urban
Decay 24-7 gel eyeliner in the color
news at this point my battery was about
to die so for my lashes I'm going to use
the red cherries in 605 and to clean
everything up i'm using this amazing
shape moistures press powder foundation
in the color yellow golden this stuff is
like gold absolutely i'm obsessed with
it I've drop date I've not replaced it
because it's amazing i love it I love it
I love it so you guys know I'm serious
about my contour so i'm using this
amazing new contouring brush by sephora
and my the bomb Bahama Mama powder to
contour my cheeks I'm going to go back
to saddle and apply that under my eyes
just to kind of deep in the look give it
a little warmer of a finish and then on
top of that i'm going to use embark to
tie everything together and
I'll make it perfect and of course I
went ahead and added a little mascara to
my lower lashes I had to do that and
can't forget to console with those
double tunes just kidding
so for my blush i'm going to use max
sweetest cocoa it's a perfect warm
plumbing color and I absolutely love it
and of course I have to have a stanky
face but i'm using my becca shimmering
skin Perfector in the color opal as you
can see i'm not using my regular small
fan brush because i left that one
upstairs so you have this one will have
to do I am loving the back plum liner I
don't know why I just thought to try it
and fill in my lips with it one day and
have been addicted and obsessed ever
since so I just am gonna fill in my lips
with this color I already applied a lip
balm so that's why it's a little sheen
to it but yeah I hope you guys enjoyed
this tutorial and definitely stay tuned
for more videos thanks as always for
watching babies
nice person